{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20160\viewh14180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf0 \
# Set-up\
\
Clone the repository. Use IntelliJ IDEA to open the project. Run the code corresponding to the backend (refer to the backend documentation for further information). Use the run button, which appears when you are on the Main.java file, to run the project.\
\
#Project Structure\
\
#Desktop UI:\
\
- Several FXML files are dedicated to the different pages available to logged-in users and logged-out users.\
- These logged-in files have corresponding CSS files that dictate the styling necessary.\
\
#The desktop app is composed of 4 pages:\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Exchange Rate: shows current rates, record transaction form, and calculator. It has the following functions:\
- fetchRates(): gets the current rates from the backend\
- addTransaction(): gets called when the user records a transaction\
- calculate(): Input amount, currency, and type of transaction to get the corresponding monetary value \
\
Transactions: shows personal transactions recorded. It\outl0\strokewidth0  has the following functions:\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
- initialize(): gets called to get the user\'92s personal transactions and populate a table\
\
Statistics: shows statistics and a graph. \outl0\strokewidth0 It has the following functions:\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
- initialize(): gets called to set up the page and populate the page by calling fetchRates(), fetchStats(), and fetchGraph()\
- fetchRates(): \outl0\strokewidth0 gets the current rates from the backend\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
- fetchStats(): gets the following statistics from the backend: min sell rate, max sell rate, min sell rate date, max sell rate date, min buy rate, max buy rate, min buy rate date, max buy rate date, change of each rate between yesterday and today, and change of each rate between now and a month ago\
- fetchGraph(): fetches the data (days, sell rates, and buy rates) to plot the graphs and populates the graph by creating 2 series in the function. \
\
Requests: shows pending requests, form to add requests, and form to accept requests. \outl0\strokewidth0 It has the following functions:\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\outl0\strokewidth0 - initialize(): gets called to populate the page and calls the set-up function, getRequests, and getWallet functions.\
- setUp(): sets up the table columns accordingly\
- getRequests():  gets the pending requests from the backend\
- addPosting(): users can add a request by filling the required text fields and pressing the respective button\
- acceptPosting(): accepts the pending request number identified in the text field, updates the request table, and updates the wallet accordingly. \
-getWallet(): gets the user\'92s wallet from the backend\
\
}